::card-grid
#title
Theoretical cheatsheet

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=logos:nuxt-icon}
  #title
  Testing general
  #description
  - Unit testing
  - Integration testing
  - End to end testing: Run your app in a simulated environment: Cypress
  - acceptance testing: tests that ensure the software meets all the clients requirement
  - system testing: Tests that work on required hardware/servers
  - smoke testing: Most important tests first before the rest of the suit
  - stress testing: capability of infrastructure
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Test driven development
  #description
  - Have a pipeline that run the tests before making the commit
  - Write tests before start coding
  - Refactor -> Fail -> Pass -> Refactor (till all pass)
  - tool: jest
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Vue Components
  #description
    - [Mock functions](https://jestjs.io/docs/mock-function-api): function that you can pass as a callback to test other function. You can watch details about the callback. How many time it was run and what parameters where passed into it. 
      - you can acces the watch method intel with .mock attribute ex mockFn.mock.calls, mockFn.mock.results
      - spyOn to also track the methods
    - Setup and Teardown: You can set prepearment methods: what will happen before/after testing, for everything or just scoped
    - The Jest Object: Automatically in scope in every test file. Provides the functionality, test, it, describe, etc.
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Unit testing
  #description
  Validate the behavior of function, classes, components, methods: Given an input, check if the output is expected
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Integration testing
  #description
  - Testing multiple units of code together.
  - Not just input and output. See if a function has been called the right way, as many time as needed with the correct parameters, the component has been mounted and so on
  - Ex: Component that takes data from a hook. Check if it displayed properly in the component
  - Ex: API getters that integrates with the application. Proper errors are integrated, proper result display and so on.
  ::
::